Readme.md, before:

# Bitburner

[![Join Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/415207508303544321)](https://discord.gg/TFc3hKD)

[![Build Status](https://github.com/bitburner-official/bitburner-src/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=dev)](https://github.com/bitburner-official/bitburner-src/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

Bitburner is a programming-based [incremental game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incremental_game)
that revolves around hacking and cyberpunk themes.
The game can be played at https://bitburner-official.github.io/ (release build), https://bitburner-official.github.io/bitburner-src/ (development build), or installed through [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1812820/Bitburner/).
The location of the release build may change in the near future.

See the [frequently asked questions](./doc/FAQ.md) for more information . To discuss the game or get help, join the [official Discord server](https://discord.gg/TFc3hKD).

# Documentation

There are 2 types of documentation:

- In-game documentation: It can be found in the Documentation tab. This is the best place to get up-to-date information. You can also read the web version at https://github.com/bitburner-official/bitburner-src/blob/stable/src/Documentation/doc/index.md.
- NS API documentation: It's generated from the [TypeScript definitions](./src/ScriptEditor/NetscriptDefinitions.d.ts). You can read it at https://github.com/bitburner-official/bitburner-src/blob/stable/markdown/bitburner.md.

Anyone is welcome to contribute to the documentation by editing the [source
files](/src/Documentation/doc) and then making a pull request with your contributions.
For further guidance, please refer to the "As A Documenter" section of
[CONTRIBUTING](./doc/CONTRIBUTING.md#as-a-documenter).

Commit message:

docs: ✏️ Update Readme for better organization
Adds general and personal sections to the Readme
Removes build status badge for cleaner presentation
Improves clarity of information for users and contributors

Readme.md, after:

# Bitburner

## General
[![Join Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/415207508303544321)](https://discord.gg/TFc3hKD)

Bitburner is a programming-based [incremental game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incremental_game)
that revolves around hacking and cyberpunk themes.
The game can be played at https://bitburner-official.github.io/ (release build), https://bitburner-official.github.io/bitburner-src/ (development build), or installed through [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1812820/Bitburner/).
The location of the release build may change in the near future.

See the [frequently asked questions](./doc/FAQ.md) for more information . To discuss the game or get help, join the [official Discord server](https://discord.gg/TFc3hKD).

## Personal
This is my collection of scripts used in the Game.

# Documentation

There are 2 types of documentation:

- In-game documentation: It can be found in the Documentation tab. This is the best place to get up-to-date information. You can also read the web version at https://github.com/bitburner-official/bitburner-src/blob/stable/src/Documentation/doc/index.md.
- NS API documentation: It's generated from the [TypeScript definitions](./src/ScriptEditor/NetscriptDefinitions.d.ts). You can read it at https://github.com/bitburner-official/bitburner-src/blob/stable/markdown/bitburner.md.

Anyone is welcome to contribute to the documentation by editing the [source
files](/src/Documentation/doc) and then making a pull request with your contributions.
For further guidance, please refer to the "As A Documenter" section of
[CONTRIBUTING](./doc/CONTRIBUTING.md#as-a-documenter).
